== Notice:  ==

You *MUST* configure guzz for spring in [TutorialConfig#Web_Application_with_Spring_IOC_support: TutorialConfig]'s way. 

== How to get the spring bean in guzz? ==

*By Injection：*

For almost all components you may need to write yourself, such as business interpreter, custom loader, shadow table view, custom table view, etc, you can declare the interface:

{{{
org.guzz.web.context.ExtendedBeanFactoryAware
}}}

to get injected on startup.

 The injected org.guzz.web.context.ExtendedBeanFactory has two methods:

 public Object getFactoryImpl() ; returns the outer container. For spring, it is org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext.

 public Object getBean(String beanName) ; returns the bean instance defined in spring.

*By GuzzContext：*

 If you are holding the reference of GuzzContext, you can call its two methods to fetch the outer bean.

 public ExtendedBeanFactory getExtendedBeanFactory() ; returns the ExtendedBeanFactory that is injected in the above section.

 public Object getExtendedBean(String beanName) ; returns the bean instance.
 
 Be careful, guzz is initialized as a bean in spring, so the ExtendedBeanFactory won't be ready until guzz has been fully initialized. These two methods can only be called in runtime, not startup stages, in guzz.

== Call Sequences ==

 The interface

{{{
org.guzz.web.context.ExtendedBeanFactoryAware
}}}

 is the last method that would be called by guzz. It is later even than the startup() methods in your user-defined components. Be very very careful!

== How to get guzz's service in spring? == 

 Sample:
{{{
<bean id="slowUpdateService" class="org.guzz.web.context.spring.GuzzServiceFactoryBean">
   	<property name="serviceName" value="guzzSlowUpdate" />
</bean>
}}}

 Define a spring bean for org.guzz.web.context.spring.GuzzServiceFactoryBean, and set the serviceName property to guzz's service name.
 
 One bean, one service.

== How to get guzz's !DataSource in spring? == 

 Sample:
{{{
<bean id="dataSource" class="org.guzz.web.context.spring.GuzzDataSourceFactoryBean">
	<property name="masterDB" value="true" />
</bean>
}}}

 Define a spring bean for org.guzz.web.context.spring.GuzzDataSourceFactoryBean with the following 4 properties:

|| *Property* || *Note* || 
|| dbGroup || dbgroup name in guzz. ||
|| tableCondition || The tableCondition for VirtualDB. ||
|| masterDB || Select the master database's DataSource? true or false ||
|| slaveDB || Select the slave database's DataSource? true or false. ||

 
  
  